OSDOCS-16855: Apply CQA2 updates (#109988)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/advanced_networking/bgp_routing/about-bgp-routing.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="about-bgp-routing"]
= About BGP routing

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: about-bgp-routing

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> This document describes the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing capabilities available in the cluster, including how BGP is implemented and configured using FRR-K8s resources. It also outlines key considerations for using the MetalLB Operator, including required migration of existing `FRRConfiguration` custom resources to the `openshift-frr-k8s` namespace to ensure compatibility with current implementations.

Reviewer: Should avoid self-referential language like talking about the content. Can this be rephrased focusing on what the user is here for? Maybe along the lines of:
```suggestion
Learn about the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing capabilities available in the cluster, including how to implement and configure BGP by using FRR-K8s resources. Take into account key considerations for using the MetalLB Operator, including required migration of existing `FRRConfiguration` custom resources to the `openshift-frr-k8s` namespace to ensure compatibility with current implementations.
```

You can probably do better since you know this content but hopefully that illustrates the idea okay :)

> This feature provides native Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing capabilities for the cluster.

Reviewer: defined above now
```suggestion
This feature provides native BGP routing capabilities for the cluster.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you are using the MetalLB Operator and there are existing `FRRConfiguration` CRs in the `metallb-system` namespace created by cluster administrators or third-party cluster components other than the MetalLB Operator, you must ensure that they are copied to the `openshift-frr-k8s` namespace or that those third-party cluster components use the new namespace.

Reviewer: If you want to help them know what to look for, you can keep the title:
```suggestion
If you are using the MetalLB Operator and there are existing `FRRConfiguration` CRs in the `metallb-system` namespace created by cluster administrators or third-party cluster components other than the MetalLB Operator, you must ensure that they are copied to the `openshift-frr-k8s` namespace or that those third-party cluster components use the new namespace. For more information, see "Migrating FRR-K8s resources".
```
